This second magic weapon is actually waving just right
Let's see who won the name of the Dragon Temple
Harm the people
The police record that you are born with luck
This journey is built by the imperial court
To support veterans
Why is the door closed in the clear sky and daylight?
Anybody?
Over the wall
Who?
Uh-huh.
We are the people of the Dragon Temple
To visit veterans
I don't know about you
How is the Dragon Temple organized?
And face over
We come to worship you kindly
Why are you talking so bad?
What a coincidence.
Who doesn't know?
Our rural betting dog is not strict, dear Nan Ba Yu
All evil
It's definitely not kind to say he came to let it go
If you have the heart
Just go to the ancestral hall of Qiaocheng to have a look.
Let's see how ungrateful they are
Let's go to the ancestral hall
You old, sick and disabled veterans
Living is a waste of food
Still occupy such a good place
Why don't you just throw it all into the mass grave and die for yourself?